fox college football the texas tech red
raiders for the big 12 pizzas central
arkansas bears in the South accomplice
and the man who has started is Taylor
some ink
they'll also cuts and he
whatcha say vyas will set a dangerous
return man get involved to get things
started the Red Raiders 34 now read
Nikica to put the ball up for the end
zone it's a shutdown in complete the
peppers and it's true
starting corner seven Madison matched up
against Desmond Lewis who caught 50
passes last year pemmican panera old
school turning golden
jonim different looks going for it on
fourth and seven when to throw
underneath cranber-- katako got the
first town inside the 30 at the Central
Arkansas 29
this snap is at the 16 after this
back has come into the game
their first touchdown
the first quarter 37 for Texas Tech the
blitz is picked up the under control
he's close to the first down we'll see
if the spine is favorable rate which we
will tell you more about after chase
stopped at the 37 had the interception
and the return down to the 20 moment ago
hope at the Auburn Washington stutter
stepping inside the 20 inside the 15
and goal of the six central arkansas
it's a touchdown
Jonathan wudu the Lebanon app tackles
for loss last year just had one throw to
Reginald Davis a seam in the middle as
he sideline inside the 20 down to the 17
binding pace on offense they officially
have it the six
texas tech Cheston stuck down the
freshman a touchdown
you